## Sample Config Files
This folder includes the config files as mentioned in the paper. On the one hand, the event logs from the Demonstration section are provided of which the process models were illustrated in the paper.
On the other hand, the reproduced config files of the event logs presented in Related Work are provided and named according to their reference occurence. We were able to reproduce the raw event logs from [3], [5], [6], [17], and [18].
With raw event logs, we mean that manual postprocessing, such as event abstraction or event selection, is not provided by our tool.

The event log generated by [19] starts with manual processing, as the diagnoses_icd table including the ICD codes does not contain timestamps. Therefore, there is no config file for this paper. For the event log by [21], the original table does not exist anymore in MIMIC-IV, so we used different tables including a more detailed description of procedures performed in the ICU. Those, it is not the original raw event log, but still one where the event abstraction presented by the authors can be performed.







[3] Alharbi, A., Bulpitt, A., Johnson, O.: Improving pattern detection in healthcare process mining using an interval-based event selection method. In: Business Process Management Forum - BPM Forum 2017, Barcelona, Spain, September 10-15, 2017, Proceedings. pp. 88–105. Springer (2017)

[5] Cremerius, J., Koenig, M., Warmuth, C., Weske, M.: Patient discharge classification based on the hospital treatment process. In: Munoz-Gama, J., Lu, X. (eds.) Process Mining Workshops. pp. 314–326. Springer International Publishing, Cham (2022)

[6] Cremerius, J., Weske, M.: Supporting domain data selection in data-enhanced process models. In: Wirtschaftsinformatik 2022 Proceedings 3 (2022)

[17] Kurniati, A.P., Hall, G., Hogg, D., Johnson, O.: Process mining in oncology using the mimic-iii dataset. In: Journal of Physics: Conference Series. vol. 971, p. 012008. IOP Publishing (2018)

[18] Kurniati, A.P., Rojas, E., Hogg, D., Hall, G., Johnson, O.A.: The assessment of data quality issues for process mining in healthcare using medical information mart for intensive care iii, a freely available e-health record database. Health informatics journal 25(4), 1878–1893 (2019)

[19] Kusuma, G., Kurniati, A., McInerney, C.D., Hall, M., Gale, C.P., Johnson, O.: Process mining of disease trajectories in mimic-iii: A case study. In: Workshops of the International Conference on Process Mining. pp. 305–316. Springer (2020)

[21] Marazza, F., Bukhsh, F.A., Geerdink, J., Vijlbrief, O., Pathak, S., Keulen, M.v., Seifert, C.: Automatic process comparison for subpopulations: Application in cancer care. International journal of environmental research and public health 17(16), 5707 (2020)
